Assert that the network channel used for signing should be authenticated (#163)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-frost: draft-irtf-cfrg-frost.md

are described in {{frost-round-two}}. The final Aggregation step is described in
{{frost-aggregation}}.

> ## Network Channel Assumptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I don't think a new header is necessary here.

FROST assumes reliable message delivery between the Coordinator and signing participants in
order for the protocol to complete. An attacker masquerading as another participant will result only in an invalid signature; see {{sec-considerations}}.
However, in order to identify any participant which has misbehaved (resulting in the protocol aborting) to take actions such as excluding them from future signing operations,

> we assume that the network channel is authenticated (but not private).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we assume that the network channel is additionally authenticated; confidentiality is not required.
```

Reviewer: We probably should repeat this in the security considerations section, but that can happen separately.
